














LSU EECS/ECE Faculty Member Martin Feldman Directory Page






Martin Feldman
Bubba Oustalet
      Distinguished
      Professor
Ph.D. (1962), Cornell University

Areas of Interest
Applied optics, X-ray lithography, micromachining.

Room 217 EE Building
Division of Electrical & Computer Engineering
Louisiana State University
Baton Rouge, LA 70803 USA

+1 (225) 578-5489,
mfeldm1@lsu.edu
Office Hours Unavailable
Home Page
Biographical SketchMartin Feldman received the BS degree in Physics from Rensselaer
Polytechnic Institute in 1957, and the PhD degree in Experimental
Physics from Cornell University in 1962. His doctoral research, with
Raphael M. Littauer, was in the area of high energy particle physics.
From 1962 to 1968 Dr. Feldman performed fundamental research in high
energy particle physics at Cornell University and the University of
Pennsylvania, where he was an Assistant Professor. From 1968 to 1989
he provided systems engineering expertise for silicon IC manufacturing
at AT&T; Bell Labs. While there he invented zone plate alignment,
developed an alignment system for a deep UV step and repeat camera,
and developed Fourier transform lithographic and alignment systems for
optical and X-ray exposure tools. He designed and constructed the
Laser Reticle Generator, used to pattern artwork for IC masks, and
designed and constructed the first Automatic Mask Inspection System
(AMIS).
Since 1989 he has been a professor at Louisiana State University. His
teaching and research have focused on electronics, optics,
lithography, nanofabrication, and metrology. He implemented an X-ray
exposure tool and developed an alignment system for it at the Center
of Advanced Microstructures and Devices (CAMD).  He demonstrated a
"phase shift" optical microscope with twice the diffraction limit of
resolution, a thermal loading system to compensate distortions in
membrane masks, diffractive display systems, X-ray zone plates,
metrology tools for integrated circuits with nanometer accuracy, and
an ultrastiff stage for imprint lithography. At present he is
developing a mm diameter endoscope based on optical coherence
tomography and MEMS technology.
He is a frequent reviewer for the Journal of Vacuum Science and
Technology and other journals, has published over 45 papers in
refereed journals, and is the inventor of over 30 patents. He serves
as faculty adviser to the LSU chapter of the National Society of Black
Engineers (NSBE), and in 2010 was the Program Chair of the 54th
International Conference on Electron, Ion and Photon Beam Technology &
Nanofabrication, considered to be the premier conference on the
science and technology of nanopatterning. In his spare time he writes
funny poems.

Selected Journal Articles
Funny poems







