



Xiangwei Zhou - ECE - LSU









Division of Electrical and Computer Engineering


Main Navigation



Research
Publications
Teaching
Service
More




Sidebar


Xiangwei Zhou
Assistant Professor
Division of ECE
Louisiana State University
102 South Campus Drive
Baton Rouge, LA 70803
Office: 346 Hatcher Hall
Phone: (225) 578-8519

Email: xwzhou@lsu.edu




Main Content Area
Biography
Xiangwei Zhou received his Ph.D. degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering from Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, Georgia, in 2011, under the guidance of Prof. Geoffrey Ye Li. He received his M.S. degree in Information and Communication Engineering from Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China and his B.S. degree in Communication Engineering from Nanjing University of Science and Technology, Nanjing, China, in 2007 and 2005, respectively.
Since August 2015, Dr. Zhou has been with the Division of Electrical and Computer Engineering in the School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at Louisiana State University (LSU). Prior to that, he was an Assistant Professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Southern Illinois University Carbondale from 2013 to 2015 and a Senior Systems Engineer with Marvell Semiconductor, Santa Clara, California, from 2011 to 2013.
Dr. Zhou's general research interests include wireless communications, statistical signal processing, and cross-layer optimization, with current emphasis on cognitive radio and spectrum coexistence. He is the ECE Outstanding Teacher of Year 2014 at Southern Illinois University Carbondale and a recipient of the best paper award at the 2014 International Conference on Wireless Communications and Signal Processing. Dr. Zhou is currently serving on the editorial board of IEEE Transactions on Wireless Communications. 
News
- Dr. Zhou (PI) and Dr. Alison Watts (Co-PI, Professor of Economics) receive an $896,629 grant from the National Science Foundation (NSF) for "Efficient Temporal-Spatial Spectrum Sharing through Voluntary Exchange," September 2013. In the News
Opening
Dr. Xiangwei Zhou is looking for self-motivated Ph.D. students with B.S. or M.S. (preferred) degrees in EE or related fields to work with him on the above topics and exciting projects. If you are interested, please email Dr. Zhou with your resume and transcripts.




